Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I don't feel so good.
I feel like…
taking a shit.
And I feel like…
I feel like puking too.
Don't worry. They're nice people.
Do I look okay?
It's just that. I have no socks today.
I forgot to wash them.
Why can't you look at me?
Do I smell that bad?
Well. it's good I came prepared.
Aren't we there yet?
We’re so far from the gate already.
Wow! Look at the horses!
And there's even a chapel in here!
What. my dad's house has a chapel?
Wow.
Woah! My dad is so rich!
Oh. the life of the rich--
The driver…
He spat outside.
-Let me take care of this. ma'am.
-No. I got it.
-No. ma'am. Please. let me.
-Alright.
I will always be grateful
for your service.
I missed you so much. Daddy!
Thank you for looking for me.
Daddy. I've waited so long
for this moment.
Thank you. I'm so glad you found me.
Belinda. Be--
You can't imagine
how long I waited. Unbelievable.
Belinda…
You look just like my neighbors.
I knew it.
Belinda. wait. wait. Just a second.
Wait. wait. Come here.
That's not your father.
He's not?
So why were you crying too?
My kid just died. so I'm resigning.
Oh. condolences.
Belinda!
Him?
Welcome home. my dear!
Did you hear all that?
-Yes.
-That was for you.
All this time. your father’s been
searching for you.
Thankfully. we can finally be together.
I'm your Aunt Matilda.
Caitlyn!
I left them outside--
I left them outside. they're dirty.
Maybe Belinda is more
used to a Japanese house.
Whatever.
See. they're dirty. Wouldn't want
your floors to get dirty either.
Yaya!
Yes. madam?
Take Belinda to her room.
She might want to settle in first.
Yes. madam!
Hey. shitface!
You look like the people in my 'hood!
I'll introduce you to them!
You're the kind I wanna be with!
You're just like them!
Well… we'll see you later. dear!
My room?
What the fuck! This room is huge!
Is this my bed? This?
Who else is staying in this room? You?
You can take that side.
I'll take this one.
SiraXa's here.
Who?
SiraXa. on lights.
You want me to beg. SiraXa?
Hey. Who was that?
Call me when you're done freshening up.
Hey. wait a second. Who's SiraXa?
SiraXa?
You're SiraXa?
We can-- No!
Busted.
Sweetie. let's just wait for your sister.
Oh. shit! You guys waited for me?
Have a seat.
I had no idea you guys
were waiting for me.
You should've called me.
Maybe she was enjoying herself because
she and SiraXa are pretty close now.
How is SiraXa?
She's… dead.
Oh. this?
Your shower's too… confusing.
It's too high-tech.
It's imported. with so many buttons.
Yaya. can you please give
Belinda some burn ointment later?
And don't call me ma'am.
She was talking to me. not you!
She's such an attention whore.
But if you're not comfortable.
you can call me Auntie.
"Auntie" for now. I'm still a little shy.
But you know. I've never seen
a bathroom like yours!
You have that huge white basin
for doing laundry!
I washed everything!
My panties. my bras. my socks.
Everything!
You know. we can wash
our neighbors' laundry too.
We can make a lot of money.
Your laundry area is massive!
Laundry area?
The big white basin.
-You don't have to do that.
-What?
You can give your dirty clothes
to Yaya Monina.
And we'll shop for new clothes.
This is all for us?
Is this the last supper?
Then we all know who Judas is.
Her. She's Judas.
I didn't know what you like eating.
so I had the chef cook all of this.
Well. then…
If I see food right in front of me.
I'll devour it!
All for you and all for me.
Let's eat!
You aren't picky
when it comes to food. huh?
You got that right.
Wait!
Don't eat it.
The meat is still raw. I see blood!
Oh. my god! That's steak.
That's how medium-rare steak is.
Hey. this is not a medium. This is large.
-Maybe even XL.
-Okay.
Yaya. please have Belinda's
steak well done.
No. no need. I like blood stew.
No need. No. I said I'll eat it already.
You look like a bulldog now!
Don't worry. They'll serve you a new one.
Wow. the pasta looks great.
What are these green things on it?
Malunggay?
I've never seen anything like it.
Where I’m from. it’s just pancit canton.
bihon. malabon. sometimes luglog.
But since malabon has thick noodles.
it's the best one.
This is also pretty thick.
Fuck! This is so good!
I've never eaten anything
like this before! It's so good!
It doesn't taste like stale food!
This is better! It's so good!
Belinda.
Huh?
What?
Asshole!
You want a kiss?
And right in front of my dad? Dumb shit.
He wants a kiss. With tongue too?
-You have something on your teeth!
-Huh?
Gross!
What are you doing out here?
Why? Am I not allowed to stay out here?
Back in Nalapok.
we could stay outside to get some air.
Am I not allowed?
No. it's okay.
But…
Wow! Hold on--
Are you serious? This is for me?
This is fancy. Thank you!
You said this is mine. okay?
You can't take it back.
No takebacks.
-That's yours.
-It's pretty!
I know this is all new to you.
New? More like "alien" to me.
You know. Belinda.
you have to get used to this.
This is your life now.
Maybe… I'm not yet used
to having a father.
Look. I'm sorry.
I can't take back
all those years we’ve lost.
But…
I can still make it up to you. right?
It's unfortunate.
If only Mom were still alive to see this.
I'm sure she'd be happy
to see the two of us together.
I hope so.
If she was mad. she would've
haunted me a long time ago.
I don't think she's mad. She's actually
smiling right there behind you.
I didn't know you were such a scaredy-cat.
Ma'am?
Ma'am!
What's happening to this woman?
Ma'am?
I'm your type. huh?
What the hell are you doing?
I couldn't sleep.
The bed was too uncomfortable.
I'm used to sleeping on the floor.
Are we having breakfast in bed?
What do you think of me?
Room service? In the kitchen!
Her breath stinks too.
There it is!
Where's my dad?
He left early for work with Ma'am Matilda.
How about Caitlyn?
She's still sleeping.
So this is all for me?
No one's joining me?
I can't eat all of this. Come on. join me.
I can't eat. I'm on an IF diet.
IF diet?
Oh. my gosh.
you don't even know what IF is?
IF.
Fine. but stay here.
Let's talk.
I want you to tell me
what my dad's interests are.
What does he like?
Does he like Raffy Tulfo? CongTV? Jamill?
Or does he watch Zeinab?
Does he sing "Zebbianna"?
Just add him on Facebook!
Attorney!
Have you eaten. Attorney?
If you want. I can join you.
Hey! I thought you were on an IF diet?
IF 2.0.
Yaya. I want milk tea! That's my favorite.
I'll have an Okinawa.
with 100% sugar and pearls.
We don't have milk tea!
Why aren't you prepared yet?
Anyway. this is for you.
What's this?
Wow. a cellphone!
In exchange for what?
My pussy?
What an expensive pussy.
Last night. you wanted
a taste of my lips. and now this?
Your dad got that for you.
All the contacts are saved there.
Including yours?
Yes.
It's my first time
to have a phone like this.
Attorney. can you please help me
with this? I don't know how to use it.
Where's the camera?
It's easy. I'll show you.
Here.
Come here. Let's take a selfie.
I look pretty here.
Check it out. My skin looks smooth here!
Let's take a selfie.
-Why?
-Because I look pretty in this camera.
My skin is flawless. Just come over here.
Come a little closer.
Closer to my scalp.
-What?
-Smell it!
Closer.
Okay. You better get ready. We have to go.
Why can't you come near me?
You have a crush on me. don't you?
Look at you! Maybe you thought of me
when you touched yourself this morning.
Get off?
Do you want me to say "jack off"?!
You're so rude!
What do you want me to say?
"Masturbate"? "Come"?
Wait! Before this conversation
goes elsewhere…
I'm here because I'm taking you
to your dad's office.
Duh. I was with him yesterday. Obviously.
Everybody looks up to him.
so please talk and act properly.
See you in a minute.
-I still have to eat all this.
-The game begins in three. two…
I saw this on TV.
The one with Luis Manzano.
…one.
What's wrong?
Jacob. my stomach's acting up.
You ate too much. That’s why.
Wow! This place is huge!
You're wearing the same color
as these guys. Is that your uniform?
Pick up the pace.
Your dad's waiting for you.
Wow!
This is so grand!
I feel like I'm in the States!
Amazing!
This is just one of the hotels
that your dad owns.
Sir Enrico is a good businessman.
that's why he was able to build an empire.
But because he's so busy.
he forgets to eat or even sleep.
And he needs more hands
to help him manage his hotels.
Then why not Aunt Matilda?
They spent a lot of time looking for you.
Maybe he's thinking you'll
be able to help him run his empire.
But you might not be able to take it.
Hey!
This is Belinda of Nalapok
you're talking to.
I can handle it!
Of course I'll help my dad out!
He's my dad. Why won't I do it?
Whoever you see in the hotel
will be your staff.
You have vomit all over your shoes.
I'm feeling better now.
I was pressured by Attorney earlier.
He said. "You have a minute to win it!"
So I had to hurry and eat everything.
Oh. dear.
I'm sorry.
I have to apologize as early as now.
when I promised you
that I will make it up to you…
You're leaving for China? That's okay.
I know how busy you are
and you have a lot to do. so it's okay.
I always tell Enrico
to take it easy with work.
He's not getting any younger.
Especially now that our VP for Operations
recently resigned.
He lost his right hand
in running the company.
Isn't there anybody here
we can promote as vice president?
Dear. HR can't find a qualified candidate.
Wait. why don't we train Belinda?
Belinda?
-Me?
-Yes!
Sorry. dear. but she doesn't know anything
when it comes to running a company.
No. wait. I can do it.
Everything can be learned. anyway.
And back in Nalapok. I can multitask.
I clean. I cook. I iron.
all at the same time.
I don't see why not.
Hey. Attorney! Watch your words.
You're right in front of my dad.
What will you show me?
Can I see it now?
It's so quiet here.
Not even a word from anyone.
Because this is a spa.
I brought you here because
I want you to relax and de-stress
before you start training.
and before you work.
-Really?
-Yes.
There's an available room now.
Sure.
It smells good.
Do you smell that?
Smells like doves or
those really fragrant flowers.
What could that be?
Belinda. have you ever tried flexing?
Yeah. I do that a lot to pick fights
with people in my hood.
Anyway. this is a different kind.
We get our own private rooms.
That's why Mom went ahead.
And so?
When the attendant arrives.
you have to ask her
where the comfort room is.
When you get there.
you have to take your clothes off.
Like. you have to be totally naked.
Wait until your father hears about this!
You should not have done that!
That was just a prank!
You're such a killjoy!
A prank? That was not a good prank.
Delete that video now!
Belinda. I'm so sorry.
You know how kids are these days.
They just love trouble.
Oh. don't scold her anymore.
They didn't see my pussy. anyway.
Just the bush.
Just hair. Promise!
Belinda. do you know
what a Brazilian wax is?
Ma'am. are you ready?
Yes.
Take a deep breath.
I'll be asking you some questions
to distract you from the pain.
What is your favorite fruit?
Rambutan!
One more…
-Okay. One. two. three…
-Ouch…
What is your favorite vegetable?
Snow cabbage!
-One more.
-Snow cabbage.
What is your favorite place?
The pub!
That's a lot of pubes. What the hell?
A few more to go. ma'am.
What's your favorite cartoon?
Pokémon!
Who is your favorite…
actor?
Boy Abunda!
My vag… It's itchy…
When we are all free.
I'll schedule another family portrait.
Of course. including you.
Don't worry about it. I understand.
Just remember.
call me if you need anything.
And you don't have to follow
everything that Jacob tells you.
If you're having a hard time.
you can actually say no.
Dad. I will give it my all
and never give up.
I'm a fast learner. You'll see.
You'll be proud of me.
The first ballroom can accommodate
up to 600 guests. max capacity.
Yes. and the junior ballroom
can accommodate
250 to 300 guests. max capacity.
-So. do you have any questions?
-Wait. hold on.
What did you say again? From there.
Are you telling me that
you weren't listening the whole time?
Hey. I was!
What?
My dad owns all of this. Right?
-Anything else?
-Attorney.
Six hundred--
-Just go ahead.
-This way. Attorney.
Finally. all by myself…
Some TikTok trends
are about to go down here.
How are you guys doing?
Check this out.
You don't see this in Nalapok!
We do have these.
but with a lot of catfish.
And here we have… oh.
What's this?
Let's check what's in here.
Hey. Uncle Boy. this suits you.
Hey! Are you the new intern
for housekeeping?
Intern? What's that?
Training! My goodness!
Are you here for training?
Oh. yes! I was training and taking notes
over there. So. yes. I'm the trainee.
Then. if that's the case.
what are you doing here?
-My trainer left for--
-No! That can't be! Follow me.
Let's clean the bathroom.
-I was waiting for--
-Faster. Let's go. Push that.
Let's go.
-Push this?
-Push it!
Attorney…
Hurry up. All the floors
have to be spotless.
All the way there.
They have to be squeaky clean.
Where did she go?
You need to clean that too!
Ma'am. is this really part of my training?
Of course!
You millennials and your complaints.
Belinda?
She said this is part of my training.
I have to make these floors spotless
because customers here are meticulous.
Training? What training?
Attorney. she's one of our interns here.
Marjorie. do you know who she is?
She is Belinda Buenavista.
She is Enrico Buenavista's daughter.
-I'm sorry. ma'am.
-It's okay.
I'm sorry I won't be able to finish it.
-Blame this guy.
-Let me do it.
This was really my job to begin with.
Next time. don't just do
whatever people tell you to do.
especially if you don't
even know who they are.
Can you calm down?
I don't see what the big deal is.
We always do that back home.
So it's no problem.
Do what? Clean restrooms?
Don’t ever do that again.
Just don’t.
Okay. I'm so--
Why did you bring me here anyway?
Is there something you want to do?
I brought you here to show you this.
My office?
This is my office.
That means. this is my table.
And this is my chair.
Awesome chair. It looks like Satan's.
Burn this.
Burn that.
Burn him as well.
This is the company-issued laptop.
Do you know how to use it?
Back at home. we have
this thing called Piso Internet.
It's like a box where
you put a dime in for the Internet.
Okay. I'll show you. It's like this.
Open it like this
and it'll automatically turn on.
That easy.
Woah. it turned on…
You'll eventually have
your own staff when you start.
But in the meantime. we'll be with you.
So you and Aunt Matilda
will be my staff here.
No.
Sorry.
Who else will be here?
Don't tell me another random voice is here
to scare me off like a ghost
and tell me what to do.
I fell asleep while waiting for you.
What took you so long. ma'am?
Attorney…
Your dad asked her
to be your personal assistant.
From now on. if you have any requests.
like things to do or buy.
you can tell her.
She's my kind
so I know I'll be comfortable.
You know. back in Nalapok.
you wouldd see this type of face a lot.
Look at her face.
She looks like one of the vendors
back home and our laundry lady.
Look. a perfect example of a generic face.
A lot of people look like that.
She looks like a squid.
When you are being introduced to someone.
be the first to reach your hand out.
-Belinda.
-Your hand…
-Offer my hand?
-Yes.
To a stranger? No way!
What if they rob me?
Okay. pretend that this is the first time
you're meeting Attorney Jacob.
and I've introduced you to each other.
Wow!
Your hands are as soft as a woman's.
I mean. just look at your nails.
No ingrowns.
Do you regularly get a manicure?
Belinda!
Can you please
take your training seriously?
That's why it's important
to give a good first impression.
While you shake hands.
maintain eye contact
with the person you're shaking hands with.
Eye contact?
Because. if you're looking
at the person's eyes.
it shows that you're confident
and sincere.
There you go.
While looking at the person's eyes.
you can also smile
while doing a handshake.
Belinda?
Belinda!
Smile a little while you do the handshake.
I look constipated.
And the most important thing.
the handshake should be firm.
-Ouch!
-Why?
Gentle.
Wait.
This is the part of training
I've been waiting for. the food.
I haven't tried any of this before.
I can't do that.
Is she crazy?
I've been training for days now
and you want me to starve?
What am I. a little bird?
That can't be.
I'm going to eat all of this.
I've tried beef stew.
street food. and noodles.
Sometimes our neighbor
would even treat us.
Burgers.
But on the first bite. it's just bread.
So you can practice
and you're not only learning theories.
I'd like that!
You have to come. Ms. Missy.
I wouldn't know what to order there.
Attorney. will!
We'll go out on a date?
I got it!
That means someone ugly will arrive!
The fork was facing that direction.
It should be like this.
I should be with them on that date.
I am… is a must!
You made her cry.
She wasn't crying earlier.
She started crying when you arrived!
Me?
Smell it!
Belinda. can you stop holding your butt?
But this dress is too tight.
It's giving me a wedgie.
What's with that reaction?
As if you don't have an ass?
Pretentious bitch!
Can I see yours?
Belinda!
-On the lap.
-Lap.
If you don't know what to do
and you're unsure.
just look around and observe
what other people are doing.
Look at them and imitate them.
What's with that?
He glared at me.
You told me to copy them.
How do we do this?
Okay. don't be confused
with all the cutlery you see.
Remember. we always start
from the outermost one.
-This one?
-Which one's the outermost? Correct.
Remember what you learned.
You have to scoop like this.
Why the small serving?
Give me more. We're paying for it. anyway.
Scoop gently.
Delicious!
With poise. please.
Belinda!
Oh. sorry. I asked too many questions.
Whatever you ask. I'll answer.
Did you get your nose done?
And…
You have big boobs!
Are those real?
Like. legit?
Is she the one?
So…
-I'll keep in touch.
-Yeah. Okay.
Looks like she got a butt job. too.
You don't need to say everything out loud.
Especially when you're meeting them
for the first time.
Why? I said good things about her.
I even complimented her ass.
Watch your words!
-Fire! There's fire!
-Where are you going? Belinda!
-Sorry!
-Belinda!
-Sorry.
-Bitch!
Jacob. are you mad?
I'm sorry.
Jacob…
So you really did not learn
a thing from Ms. Missy. huh?
You are not taking any of this seriously!
And you're dragging me down with you!
Don't you know
how embarrassed I was in there?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Jacob.
I was born and raised in Nalapok.
I don't see anything wrong
with what I did in there
because that's how we all are back home.
I don't know how to be fancy.
I'm not the best at English.
And we don't get to eat
in restaurants like these.
I can't do that with my mouth shut.
But I know it's not an excuse.
It's not a good reason for you
to feel ashamed when you're with me.
But I am willing to learn.
I promise.
If that's what it takes
to please my dad. I will do it.
Just give me another chance.
Especially you. Jacob.
I need a little more patience and…
a little more time to learn all of this…
if that's okay.
Please?
This… is for soup. I know it is.
What's this for?
Yaya Mo. please help me.
Find it out for yourself.
Please! I just want to impress Jacob.
If you help me with this.
I'll let you watch your favorite videos.
Without interruption.
I hope that's not in English again.
Is that Mommy Onin?
-You also watch her FB live?
-Yes!
She's my favorite. Holy shit!
I was gonna shave my head for her!
That son of a bitch. Rob.
he bought four BMWs.
Really? Thank you! What is it?
A first-class etiquette lesson.
I'm gonna show you how to be fancy.
Wait!
Napkin goes on the lap.
No elbows on the table.
And no talking when your mouth is full.
Again. no talking when you
have a mouth full of food.
Start with the outermost cutlery.
going inward.
For dessert.
We already started with the soup.
This is for the main course.
So did I pass the test?
Does that mean we'll go out
on another date?
This is not a date.
You know. you're actually my first date.
Again. this is not a date.
You can also be my first fuck.
Belinda!
What did I say wrong this time?
I only said you'd be the first.
We'll see if you really learned something.
Jacob. you do know that
I'm not used to these kinds of food
or these kinds of dishes.
We consider ourselves lucky
if we have food to eat at Nalapok.
So how am I supposed to know all this?
Maybe for you.
you grew up with food like this.
Because you seem to be
very familiar with it.
I can't remember.
You know what I used to
bring to school as a kid?
For us. an egg is enough.
And that egg could
either be fried or boiled.
Then we'd pair it
with eggplant. okra. or tomato.
It's really delicious!
So this prawn herbivore…
"Thermidor".
"Prawn thermidor".
Yeah. but when I eat all this.
it'll all be the same
when they're in my belly.
Thermidor. terminator. thermometer. whore…
You laughed. That's a first.
No.
I saw you laugh.
I saw you.
A fork for the prawn thermidor.
This place is really different
in the morning and at night.
Right? It's really nice here at night.
We have the place to ourselves.
I go here when I want to
clear my head and de-stress.
to forget about my problems.
I get to recharge.
All my worries go away when I'm here.
Is it hard to be a lawyer?
But it has always been my dream
since I was a kid.
That's amazing.
You already knew
what you wanted to be ever since.
What about you?
What was your childhood dream?
Nothing.
Nothing?
How can that be?
Well. for us at Nalapok.
we don't really think about
what we want to be when we grow up
because it won't happen for us. anyway.
We'd rather make sure
we have food on the table
and not complicate things.
We want things that we can get.
But now.
I only have one dream.
And that is for my father
to fully accept me.
But he doesn't need to tell the world.
I just need to know that he's not
ashamed to have me as a daughter.
Why?
Nothing.
Sadness doesn't suit you.
What am I. a clown?
Sometimes.
So I make you happy. huh?
What about your Barbie doll friend.
does she make you happy?
Who? Trixie?
-Yes. Is she your ex?
-No.
-Did you court her?
She's your fu-bu?
Fu-bu?
Duh. "fuck buddy."
You laughed!
That means it's true.
What. so it is?
-You can't stop laughing.
-I'm not like that.
But you're still laughing.
-Because you're funny.
-Because you're a fuck boy.
I'm not… I'm not that kind of guy.
-I'm not that kind of guy.
-Now I know you like having fu-bu's.
-I have another joke.
-Okay. let's hear it.
What did the booger say
to the booger beside it?
What?
"Bro. I'll go ahead."
Because he got picked already.
-Okay. I also have a joke for you.
-You do?
-I do.
-Okay. go.
What did the eyebrow say
to the other eyebrow?
What?
"Hi bro-w!"
I'll say it again.
That was so corny.
What kind of joke is that?
We've never heard of those jokes
where I'm from.
-Thank you.
-Me too.
Thank you.
-I'll go ahead.
-This is your house.
-You're the one leaving.
-That's right. I'm leaving.
-And I'll stay here.
I'll just… I'll stay put here.
So this is good night.
Thank you very much. Belinda.
I had fun tonight.
You really made me happy.
Me too.
Thank you. You made me so happy.
I'll see you soon. bro.
If you're be happy with her.
I will not stop you.
All I ask is that.
she takes care of you and loves you.
Jacob…
Ouch!
Oh. my gosh. a rat!
It’s just me.
I'm very happy for the two of you.
I wish for a good future ahead of you.
A happy future.
Don't worry about me. I'll be fine.
Don't! Don't look at me like that.
I'm okay. I swear. I promise!
And then. I opened the door.
and Yaya Monina was there.
I accidentally pushed her.
-I actually thought it was a rat.
-Really?
-"Oh. my gosh. a rat!"
-And then what happened?
So she got hit.
What will we do today with Ms. Missy?
What?
No way! I wouldn't know
what to say in there.
No. you don't have to worry
because all you have to do
is sit down and listen.
It's important for you to be familiar
with what's happening in the company.
Okay. If you say so.
And a reminder.
it's better for you to take down notes.
just in case a board member
asks you questions.
So you'll be prepared.
Okay?
-Someone's going to ask me a question?
-Yes.
Now I have another meeting to run to.
so I'll see you there. Okay?
See you!
-See?
-Yes?
I think we should focus on
providing experiences
to capture their loyalty.
I have to take a dump.
Where's the restroom?
Take notes for me.
Hey. girl. have you seen
Mr. Buenavista's daughter?
Yeah. Caitlyn?
She's Sir Enrico's daughter
with a different woman.
and she is so different from Caitlyn.
She's so lucky.
From rags to riches that quick.
All because her dad is rich.
Lucky indeed.
-Gross! It stinks!
-Ew.
It smells so bad! Ew!
Oh. my god. what is that?
-It’s so gross!
-So bad!
-It really stinks!
-Stinks!
Ma’am.
We're sorry. ma'am.
We're really sorry.
-Can you still smell it?
-Yes. ma'am. It really stinks.
We're sorry. ma'am.
Attorney Jacob.
Ma'am Belinda hasn't returned.
What? Didn't she just… I'll look for her.
"I have to take a dump."
-Okay. One more time.
-Sure. ma'am.
Did you practice this already?
Let's do this.
Can you keep up?
Wait a second. Let's check it first.
It's true what they say about you. ma'am.
You’re so different from Caitlyn.
We're really sorry
for gossiping about you earlier.
-Yes. ma'am. We're really sorry.
-That's okay. I'm a gossip girl too.
Just tell me if you see anything wrong
so I can correct it. okay?
Enough with the chit-chat.
-All right.
-One more time.
You're so good at this. ma'am.
-Hey. Attorney! Come here.
-Don’t make me do it.
Join us. I know you were
dancing to it while watching us.
Don't drag me into this.
Attorney. this is easy. Come on!
-Okay. fine.
-I know you know this.
Let's do it.
Other side.
Who knew Attorney's body
would be this stiff?
He needs to loosen up.
Dance like a Sexbomb dancer!
-Such a stiff body!
-One more time.
Okay. Hit play.
Okay.
And the hands…
You'll be impressed
with Belinda's progress.
Oh. really?
-Yeah.
-Let's do some TikToks again later.
-I'll dance with you guys.
-Sure.
Belinda!
You're home.
Hi. Aunt Matilda.
I heard you're doing well
in your training.
Ms. Missy said--
No way. I doubt it.
I still have a lot more to learn.
You're so humble. Belinda.
You'll introduce her to the stockholders?
What? No. I'm not yet ready.
Not yet.
That's how I learned it.
Why are you still up?
I can't sleep.
You?
I can't sleep either.
-I'm nervous.
-Why are you nervous?
You heard what Daddy said earlier. right?
He said he was going to introduce me
to the stockholders and bosses.
What if they don't like me?
What if I fuck up?
How about you?
Why can't you sleep?
I drank too much coffee.
But I'm also worried for you.
Why? Do you think something bad
will happen tomorrow?
Not like that.
I'm nervous for you. but in a good way.
I'm excited for you.
I'm not ready. Not yet.
You know. in our province.
our mayor ran for senator.
Then he made his son run for mayor.
Even if he knows nothing
about politics. he still won.
You know what else he had?
Confidence.
Do you get it now?
I know what to do now.
I'll run for mayor.
I'm kidding.
What I meant was.
I'll do my best and let's see.
Hey.
Thanks for all your help.
I'll miss you.
What are you trying to do?
Fooled you. I was going for your cheek.
I'm not on your love team.
You talk as if you're
on the losing end of the stick.
You can do it.
Belinda Buenavista.
Oh. fuck!
Oh. my god!
What did she say?
"Fuck"? Did I hear it right?
I'm really glad to finally meet you all.
Ah. okay. Okay.
Nice to meet you. sir.
And of course.
his beautiful wife. Michelle.
Nice to meet you. ma'am.
This is Frank Smith.
Good job!
We can proceed with our plan.
Yes. ma'am.
What do you think? Did I do okay?
I think it would've been perfect
if I didn't trip. Right?
Your dad is really proud of you.
Hey!
Just my dad? What about you?
Shouldn't you be proud too?
You're the reason
I'm able to do all of this.
Aren't you proud?
Belinda!
I've been looking for you!
Hey! Let's talk later.
So why are you being nice to me?
You did good up there!
Really? Well. thank you.
It's good. isn't it?
It's good. Bittersweet.
Sweet? There's more over there. Let's go.
Oh! Here. This is really good.
Caitlyn. I don't really drink.
Come on. Just try it.
-There you go.
-This is imported.
Nice!
I think that's enough.
-Dad might see us. Caitlyn.
-Come on. One shot.
-We might--
-Cheers!
There you go!
-Caitlyn--
-Belinda. I'll get mad at you.
You're doing good.
Let's do away with the glasses.
There!
Bottoms up!
Nice!
Alright.
Chug it. Down it!
Nice!
-You'll be even more lucky. Belinda.
-You wild child.
Yo. yo. Let's party it up!
Dance with me!
Watch me move. you assholes!
My god. his daughter--
Come on. let's fuck this up!
So sick!
See? I'm the best--
-I can't believe this woman.
-Come on! Let's go!
Let’s party!
I'm fucking crazy!
Dad. I was just livestreaming.
Some people just screen-recorded it
and made remixes of it.
I don't understand a word you're saying.
but what I know is that you're the one
who did this to your sister!
-OH MY GOD. THIS IS SO EMBARRASSING!
-SHOULD'VE LEFT HER IN THE SQUATTER'S AREA
-JEEZ. THIS WOMAN SHOULD BE EMBARRASSED
-YOU BELONG ON THE FLOOR. GIRL!
-YOUR DRUNK FRIEND WHO KEEP DENYING IT
-WHO THE HELL IS SHE?
Watch me move. you assholes!
HERE'S A ROCK. GOT HIT YOUR HEAD WITH IT
Watch me move--
-Who's there?
-Dickhead!
Hey! Who are you? Who are you?
You're a thief. aren't you?
-Let go of me.
-You stole this watch too. huh?
Hey!
I'm Sir Enrico's daughter.
-I'm running away.
-You're Mr. Enrico Buenavista's daughter?
-You must've lost your mind!
-Shut up! I’m trying to run away.
I know this.
This is an inside job.
You're the one behind this.
the mastermind.
I know suspicious faces
when I see them. I know those looks.
Look! Would you trust…
Would you trust a face like that?
-No. right?
-Yeah. I wouldn't.
-You better pray I don't hurt this guy.
-Are you really challenging me?
I say go for it.
-You got this.
-Go for what?
I'll beat you up.
Hit him!
-Hit him hard!
-Is that all you got. huh?
I don't mind hitting girls.
especially faces like that.
Come here.
-What now?
-It was just a fist fight.
Why did you make it personal?
She looks like a bulldog now.
If she…
Oh. they were fighting.
and he made Yaya Mo cry.
Yes. sir. Because he won't believe
that Ma'am Belinda is your daughter.
What?
And here's the real kicker.
he called me ugly.
I'm sorry. sir.
She's wasn’t lying.
And she was going to run away.
but she told me not to tell you.
How could you not have known?
I'm sorry. ma'am. I'm the new guard here.
Hey. Daddy? Can we talk?
I'm really sorry for the way
I've been acting
and the embarrassing things
I've been doing.
Maybe I'm not cut out to be a Buenavista.
What people say about you
is not important.
And what do you think of me now. Dad?
I don't expect you to be perfect. honey.
After all. you're just starting out.
I understand you'll have
your shortcomings and lapses.
But that's okay.
You are my daughter.
So? For now. honey.
it's okay to make mistakes.
or if you do something wrong…
-I'll take your word for it.
-Yeah. it's part of the job.
Since you said that.
I can mess up again. right?
You can't take back what you just said.
But remember. don't ever break my trust.
I promise. I swear. Cross my heart
and hope to die. I won't break your trust.
-Promise?
-Promise!
Come. Let's go inside.
I'm sorry again. Daddy.
It's okay.
Jacob.
Ma’am?
Ma'am. are we really sure about this?
Maybe there's another way?
What for? This is the plan.
I've done my part. Now do yours.
Just like what we talked about.
if we succeed.
I will recommend to the board
to promote you to COO.
Don't you dare
bail out of our plans. or else…
I. myself. will tell Enrico
you are behind all of it.
What's our best-selling dish here?
Customers often order the rib-eye steak.
How much is that?
1.200 pesos. ma'am.
-That's good for how many?
-It's good for one person.
What? That much for just one?
-I'll go ahead. sir.
-Okay.
Mark. how long have you been working here?
Three years now. ma'am.
How much is your salary?
500 pesos daily.
Is that right?
Attorney! Come up here. let's eat.
There's a dish here worth 1.200!.
Come on. let's try it.
Sorry. I have another meeting to get to.
What? Hey!
Hey!
Do you have a new chef?
Your pasta tasted a little bland.
Get as much as you want. This is my treat.
Help yourselves. I got you guys.
You look so pale. get some more.
Ma'am. isn't that your sister over there?
Sis!
Caitlyn. want some fishballs?
Invite your friends here.
Let's eat. Come on.
Why is she with those tramps?
Tramps?
You know. those peasants.
She's probably still full. Yeah.
-Let’s go.
-Finally.
My gosh. what took you so long?
Until the next time.
Yeah. no problem.
Let's continue this later.
-Okay. ma’am.
-Thank you.
Attorney.
Kindly sign these documents now.
Attorney. what's the status of my request
to raise the salaries of the waiters?
Has that been approved?
The papers are with HR for evaluation.
Thanks.
Attorney.
Jacob. is there something wrong?
What?
I’ve noticed that
you’ve been avoiding me lately.
There's just a lot of work I have to
finish for Sir Enrico and Ma'am Matilda.
Okay.
Let's go out. then.
What?
On a date. My treat.
If it weren't for you.
I wouldn't be able to do all this.
Since you were so patient with me
and you helped me.
let’s go out on a date.
Don't worry about it.
You don't have to thank me.
So are we going out?
Maybe next time.
Here you go. Something to cheer you up.
What's been bothering you lately?
Here's your noodles!
Thank you.
I just miss Attorney.
He seems to be avoiding me lately.
Maybe he's starting
to have feelings for me.
Maybe I should be the one to confess?
Oh. my god. Is this how women act today?
You should play hard to get
because someone
who's easy to get is easy to forget.
Then how do you explain
"Intercourse Fasting"?
Look at me now. already forgotten.
That's how you eat noodles?
You look stupid.
Caitlyn?
Caitlyn!
What happened?
Where is he? Where's that pervert?
Belinda. never mind.
-Let's just go home.
-There's the pig…
-With his tongue out!
-No!
-Hey! You fucking asshole!
-Belinda!
Why did you do that to my sister?
-Why are you harassing her?
-Belinda. stop it!
-You look like a freaking lizard!
-Please!
I'll beat you up. you bastard!
Where I'm from.
we won't let these things pass.
Just take a look at yourself.
You piece of shit.
Belinda!
You're not Bret?
I'm Maton.
Why aren't you wearing a name tag?
And you're eating fries?
I'm sorry.
Let's go. Sis. I'm done.
My gosh. are you okay?
I have so many things to do on a weekend.
Actually. Attorney. there is no emergency.
This is the emergency.
No emergency? What's this?
Something happened to Caitlyn recently.
Then I realized that. if you do not
stand up for what you want.
then people won't know
how you really feel.
Jacob.
can you please stop avoiding me?
Just one more date. please?
Belinda. this is not the time
to talk about our--
Ouch!
-Why did you do that?
-Why?
Belinda. I'm not playing--
What's wrong?
Stop that! You're just playing around.
-Can you catch me?
-You really want to find out. huh?
If that's what you want.
You think you can get away that easily?
Are you ready?
I still have another one left.
Sorry.
It's in my ears!
Belinda.
Do you love me too?
I'm wet.
Me too.
We've reviewed your request
to increase the pay for our waiters.
It looks feasible.
-We just have to make a proposal--
-No. dear!
Even me. I was shocked
to learn about the irregularities.
What is going on. Daddy?
And you're back from your trip so soon?
I hate to do this
because you are my daughter.
I don't understand. What are you saying?
Why is my company missing
a large amount of money?
Money?
I don't know.
If this is about the increase
of the waiters' salaries--
If you needed money.
why don't you just ask me?
Why do you have to steal from my company?
Steal?
I swear that's fake news!
There are no ghosts here.
so how could there be ghost employees?
I didn't do anything. Daddy.
I promise. I'm telling the truth.
You can search all you want.
I swear I can't do anything like that.
I did not steal from you.
Jacob. how did Enrico find out
about our plan for me to get
30 million pesos a month?
Good thing he didn't accuse me
because I quickly reacted to it.
This is the only way
I can get money from Enrico.
Ma’am.
I did everything you asked me to do.
I trained Belinda so that
she could be framed for all of this.
Isn't that enough?
It's not. It's not enough.
Do everything you have to do.
Belinda?
Belinda. how are you?
What did your dad say?
Belinda…
Can I give you a ride?
No. thank you.
This is what I hate the most. Daddy.
To see you disappointed.
I have waited for a long time
to be with you.
Which is why I could never do that to you.
I am not a thief.
I don't need any of this.
I don't need any of these material things.
I just need you.
I need your love and affection.
I need your acceptance.
I'm sorry.
Please believe me.
Sis!
Sis…
I will miss… I will miss you.
Belinda…
Belinda. don't leave.
Yaya. we can still contact each other.
You have my number.
Why leave now. Belinda?
Just when we were getting close.
I will just contact you. I have to go.
I want us to be together!
If you really want that.
Yaya. come with me.
Leave your job.
Let's go to Nalapok together.
We'll sell whatever we catch
in the market.
The profit's small.
but I know we'll be happy. Come on.
I realized I still have a lot of debt.
You go ahead.
You can take care of yourself. right?
Just go straight.
Don't worry. the guard knows you already.
Okay. go. Straight ahead.
But you said you wanted to be together…
I said straight ahead.
Down that road.
Watch your step.
-Take care of yourself.
-Okay.
Hey!
Take care. I'm just a text away.
Belay!
-Oh my fucking god! This bitch classed up.
-Belay! Take a shot with us!
-Beautiful!
-You asshole! All you do is drink!
Belay! You're back!
Belay! Join us out here later. okay?
We'll play cards later. okay?
You're just fucking around.
This is too early!
Hey. Belay! You look like a celebrity now!
Yo. Chai. don't jack off to Belay!
Oh. but I miss those damn pussies.
You're jacking off?
Hell yeah.
Like this.
Jacking off?
-Uncle? Kim?
-The heat is killing me!
Belay! You bitch! When did you come back?
I just got here.
Fuck! We could have picked you up
if you told us.
Uncle. hurry up!
So annoying. just pull!
Belay. I never thought
you'd come back here.
-What took you so long?
-You bitch!
-I missed you guys. I missed Nalapok.
-We missed you too.
What's with all this drama?
Is that how rich people act?
Hey. Spongebob. stop ruining the moment.
Nothing changed except for my armpits.
They're flawless now.
That can't be for sure.
I'm sure you still stink.
Let me take a whiff.
See. it still smells.
And you guys
haven't showered since I left.
Jeez. so it's a tie now.
we're all tied. okay?
I know I could lose my license
for what I'm about to say.
But I think you need to know the truth.
Belinda did not steal the money.
What I want to know is.
why you agreed to Matilda's plan.
It fucking hurt when they plucked it out.
Gosh! But you've got to admit.
-Belay!
-your pussy looked like this before.
Belay!
Uncle?
Someone wants to talk to you.
Fuck. isn't that your wicked stepmother?
Her face looks like shit.
Do you want me to beat her to a pulp?
Just say the word. I got you.
Ready?
I'm sorry if I misjudged you.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize
that you were being used already.
That's all okay. Dad.
It's enough for me to know
that you believe me now.
They're filing an arrest warrant
for Matilda.
And…
we're also getting an annulment.
Why would Aunt Matilda
do something like that?
When she found out I had
a daughter before we got married.
she initiated the search for you.
What will happen to Caitlyn?
Dear. please come back to me.
If you don't feel like working
in the company. it's okay.
At first. all I really wanted was…
for you to accept me as your daughter.
That's why I changed my ways
to be the daughter you want me to be.
But I realized. I should work hard first.
because I felt like
I didn't deserve to have everything
instantly.
So if it's okay with you.
I'd like to stay here
while I finish my studies.
When I'm done. I promise
I'll apply for a job at your hotel.
I really want to go through the process.
If that's what you want.
I respect that.
Belinda…
I told you I could help you.
Why are you here?
You brought him here. didn't you?
You know what. you got this.
She can get violent. I got to go.
Tell me. Why? Why are you here?
-Wait!
-You asshole!
-Let me ex--
-Get out of here!
-Let me explain!
-I heard everything.
I heard everything
that you and Aunt Matilda said.
-Just hear me out.
-You don't need to explain.
Just go back to my dad's office.
Because I don't want
anything to do with you.
-I'm here--
-You used me!
You and Aunt Matilda used me!
What? Why? But wasn't that your dream?
What will happen to your future now?
Belinda.
you are my future.
You are my dream.
Bullshit! You're using me!
You played with my feelings!
I heard it loud and clear
that you tricked me!
Can you please…
Just leave me alone.
Belinda…
I don't want to see you.
Not even your shadow.
-Please?
-I get hurt every time. Don't touch me!
Please. I'm begging you.
I was used!
Get lost!
Uncle. make it stop. please!
Just leave me alone. Get out!
Let me be!
Belay…
Ouch!
Jacob? Where's Jacob?
Now. you go after him. you drama queen.
Why didn't you stop him?
Chase him!
Fuck this guy.
I never knew you resigned!
What you did to me was really hurtful.
Besides. Yaya Mo knows this.
I really get violent when I wake up.
Jacob!
Stop playing hard to get. Jacob!
Oh. come on.
Jacob. if you don't turn around.
it means you're a fuck boy.
Belinda. I already told you
that I love you.
But you don't want to believe me.
And then you accuse me
of playing hard to get.
"And then you accuse me
of playing hard to get."
Belinda.
I love you.
And I accept you.
Belay.
I love you too. Jacob.
-Give us a big kiss. come on!
Just a little kiss for now. okay?
Take it easy.
Kiss.
Kiss?
-Dry hump! Dry hump!
Hump her brains out!
This guy will need a wheelchair tomorrow!